README.md, before:

[![Latest Version on Packagist](http://img.shields.io/packagist/v/hofff/contao-robots-txt-editor.svg?style=flat)](https://packagist.org/packages/hofff/contao-robots-txt-editor)
[![Installations via composer per month](http://img.shields.io/packagist/dm/hofff/contao-robots-txt-editor.svg?style=flat)](https://packagist.org/packages/hofff/contao-robots-txt-editor)
[![Installations via composer total](http://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/hofff/contao-robots-txt-editor.svg?style=flat)](https://packagist.org/packages/hofff/contao-robots-txt-editor)

# Contao Extension: hofff.com - robots.txt Editor

Provides an editor for auto creation and modification of robots.txt inside a Contao root page.


## Features

- Define content of robots.txt in root page
- Add absolute path to sitemap


## Compatibility

- min. Contao version: >= 3.2.0
- max. Contao version: <  3.6.0


## Installation

Install the extension via composer: [hofff/contao-robots-txt-editor](https://packagist.org/packages/hofff/contao-robots-txt-editor).

If you prefer to install it manually, download the latest release here: https://github.com/hofff/contao-robots-txt-editor/releases


## Dependency

There are no dependencies to other extensions, that have to be installed.


## Screenshots

![Back end configuration](screenshot-backend.png)

Commit message:

Add hint for new feature `Creating different custom robots.txt files in a multi site installation`

README.md, after:

[![Latest Version on Packagist](http://img.shields.io/packagist/v/hofff/contao-robots-txt-editor.svg?style=flat)](https://packagist.org/packages/hofff/contao-robots-txt-editor)
[![Installations via composer per month](http://img.shields.io/packagist/dm/hofff/contao-robots-txt-editor.svg?style=flat)](https://packagist.org/packages/hofff/contao-robots-txt-editor)
[![Installations via composer total](http://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/hofff/contao-robots-txt-editor.svg?style=flat)](https://packagist.org/packages/hofff/contao-robots-txt-editor)

# Contao Extension: hofff.com - robots.txt Editor

Provides an editor for auto creation and modification of robots.txt inside a Contao root page.


## Features

- Define content of robots.txt in root page
- Add absolute path to sitemap
- If the extension [hofff/contao-htaccess](https://packagist.org/packages/hofff/contao-htaccess) is installed it is possible to create different custom robots.txt files in a multi site installation.


## Compatibility

- min. Contao version: >= 3.2.0
- max. Contao version: <  3.6.0


## Installation

Install the extension via composer: [hofff/contao-robots-txt-editor](https://packagist.org/packages/hofff/contao-robots-txt-editor).

If you prefer to install it manually, download the latest release here: https://github.com/hofff/contao-robots-txt-editor/releases


## Dependency

There are no dependencies to other extensions, that have to be installed.

The extension [hofff/contao-htaccess](https://packagist.org/packages/hofff/contao-htaccess) is suggested to use different custom robots.txt files in a multi site installation.


## Screenshots

![Back end configuration](screenshot-backend.png)
